c:\users\nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\bin\Debug\OnlinePitsa.exe.config
c:\users\nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\bin\Debug\OnlinePitsa.exe
c:\users\nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\bin\Debug\OnlinePitsa.pdb
c:\users\nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\OnlinePitsa.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\OnlinePitsa_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\OnlinePitsa_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\OnlinePitsa.g.resources
c:\users\nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\OnlinePitsa.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\OnlinePitsa.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\OnlinePitsa.exe
c:\users\nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\OnlinePitsa.pdb
C:\Users\Nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\icons.baml
C:\Users\Nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\Lighttheme.baml
C:\Users\Nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\MainStyle.baml
C:\Users\Nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\Varaqlar\Category.g.cs
C:\Users\Nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\Varaqlar\Home.g.cs
C:\Users\Nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\Varaqlar\Product.g.cs
C:\Users\Nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\Varaqlar\Category.baml
C:\Users\Nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\Varaqlar\Home.baml
C:\Users\Nuhyusuf\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnlinePitsa\OnlinePitsa\obj\Debug\Varaqlar\Product.baml
